And probably talking about the game play itself. That'll be the most most of what we do.
So basically we're we're gonna discuss this kind of in context of game plan.
What better way to do that than to share again that many none of you, I'm sure, have played.
It's not the kind of game you would. You would normally be looking to play like with your friends, or even your students.
Maybe, but I do I think it's a good good game for us to play, anyway.
But before we get into that let's take a quick look at the discussion from last week before we jump into that to today's topic.
So I'm gonna share my screen and.
Well, also open this up. And, Adam, I know you had something else you wanted to bring into the conversation.
So we'll make the moment space for that as well.
And and you know it kind of at any point.
So in session 7. I don't know most of you, I think, have gone been able to participate already.
I went through, and I've you know, been kind of adding comments to each of the each of the each of the threads here.
So anyone wanna pull out any of these comments or the things that you were talking about to to highlight?
There's quite a few here.
You know a lot lot of talk about, you know.
Various types of Xr. Or you know any letter in front of ours.
Immersive or reality, but also just augmented reality, a virtual reality and just to reiterate this stuff's been around for quite a long time.
It. It hasn't hasn't percolated so much into the mainstream of education I think a lot because of the 2 things.
Really, the technology that's required to use it at a highly immersive level, but also creating the experiences, typically still takes a substantial amount of design and effort for those immersive experiences there are other things we can use like immersive video 3 60 video things like that that can actually build a more
engaging experience, for students who are watching those that are simple to create these days.
You just have to have a $400 camera to do so.
But that's not really what we were talking about.
What we were talking about this.
Okay. No. Interest. Alright. Okay. Well.
Go ahead, Adam!
Oh, I was just gonna say, I I this discussion has gotten me more.
Open to extended reality. Invitements. I think I've just seen so many limitations to them in my work.
Based on cost. It's like, yeah, the 2 things you said like the cost, the access to them.
And then the time, investment, resources investment, which is also cost to design something that can actually be used for learning.
But this conversation definitely got me more opened to the idiot.
I think, Dlton even mentioned, like your prediction that, like the cost, will go down, and there might be more like open source or other types of accessible pieces of software that, too, then design to for to enable an instructional designer or a teacher to design something which is which
got me more open to this, because it's kind of been off my radar because I just haven't.
I haven't been in a position to ever really consider extended reality.
1 one of the the things I posted earlier today is this article from 2022 that talks about creating an immersive learning experience for students by educators, and it talks about the kind of what it takes to do.
This, you know the design, aspects. What? What do you have to plan out?
What are some of the tools you might want to use? And if you read through this, it seems to be something that's it's I think it's.
I think it's something that teachers could do if they were really interested in doing it.
It is not. It's not easy. The path that they're talking about is not a simple pattern, but it is something that you know, technology savvy teachers with some access to some of some resources, especially time, could probably do this if you're interested in learning, a little bit.
More about that. It's you can, you know, it's a free online.
Hmm!
Pdf, you can least scan through it and look at some of the things that they're talking about.
Some of the platforms and things like that.
Yeah. The one thing that I'm most noticing that is growing are places where you can go to do.
VR right? I mean, that's the have buying the headset and all that stuff.
It all software can be pretty expensive, but I see a lot of people using them for gaming.
And this is, I'm posting a list of some spots and services, but I haven't been anywhere in San Francisco yet, but I've done some of these in other places.
Couple of times, and they're pretty fun, and also they can have better equipment there as well, and sort of like accessories to kind of go with it.
And I I could see it sort of going that way, too, where, instead of like everybody having their own thing, it's kind of shared right like sort of like a lift or Uber model type thing.
Yeah. There's a what's the company that's doing this kind of on the entertainment side.
Is it dreamscape, or something like that, anyway?
There's no cause. Sandbox.
Black box, game, day.
Yeah, sandbox.
There's the yeah. There's one that I know they have.
They've had. They've had like spaces and like malls and things like that.
I don't know how many there may respond. Not that many, because they're pretty.
They're pretty costly to build and you can't charge people couple $100 an hour to use them right? Because who would do that?
They worked with Asu on the biology experience. I don't know.
I think I think I mentioned that at some point.
Maybe somewhere. But that was a special special situation, but but their business model essentially is to build these.
It, you know, these experiences that are based more on entertainment in places where people gather and let them come in kinda like, you know, like a laser tag.
Remember those days, or those kinds of things. That's the that's the kind of model that there seem to be trying to do with that.
And and then part of our other model is to have other people buy their services, to build them out for their specific uses.
Yeah.
Yeah, I see your dreamscape.
Yup!
Dreamscape. Yeah, yeah. But there are other ways.
You can do simple things, even with, you know, you can do things with Xr.
With just smartphones. Alright, it's they're limited, of course, but you could, if you know creative thinking, you know, teachers with creative thinking, you know, have make make the world go around in many ways.
You can do simple things, and they can still be engaging for students.
So even though, yeah, the deep and deeply immersive environments cost a lot to build, deploy, and take some substantial technology to make them work, you can still do simple things, and it can still be really engaging for students, especially if they're used to not you know, nothing like this a lot of
virtual tour right? If you've if you've done those with a class of students there for some I'm students that may be the closest they ever get to seen a place like that.
And for many of them it can be quite engaging, especially if it got something meaningful to do while they're kind of walking around a space, or even just using their arrows to, you know, to go around there.
Are there a couple of places? But there were a bunch of links that were put into the discussion form.
We're on that.
Okay. So, Adam Adam, you once you you wanna bring in your your extra top.
Yeah, well, I'm just interested, like I. So I know.
And I guess, is, is it really just in 2 weeks, potentially, that we have, we're presenting on our next?
Potentially in 2 weeks. Yeah, potentially, yeah.
Yeah, hey? Emergency? Yeah. On emerge on engagement technology.
Right? Engagement. Okay?
And so I think I'm just, I guess in I find that in I do see that, like all of these areas, do overlap of assessment, instruction and engagement, they all overlap in some way.
But when it comes to engagement I see it as like a pretty broad topic, and maybe that's intentional.
But, like I'm assuming you don't just meet like VR games and I think coding is the other topic we're exploring.
But like engagement, can be much more broadly defined.
Yeah, okay.
For the purposes of this project, even like cause, even in like in my work, student engagement, even encompasses like admissions and stuff like that.
Admissions.
So like, where does it? Of just like that's engaging a student to come to the school?
So just like, where does engagement start in the context of education, technology?
And where does it end?
Yeah. Well, a bunch of institutions are basically creating immersive tours.
Right and using that as part of the admissions, or there are, you know, the process to bring a student in, to get them interested in the campus, but also then to once they've kind of signed some intention to be there to auto to push this stuff out and yeah come and see
what it's like, and you can't be here in person.
Right.
That's fine. You can do this immersive tour, and they'll there's even a there's a company that has a platform that essentially allows the student to do join a tour or to join a do a virtual tour but also then talk to someone who's like on call to take a call
from a student online chatting, or maybe even a phone call.
About this, the campus, and especially specific things on campus.
I forget the company that was trying they were trying to sell that service to us, but as a way of making that more meaningful, more engaging, using technology to do things that they couldn't do because they weren't.
They weren't regionally located, or just, you know, the time he didn't work, or whatever it was.
So, yeah, I think I what we're looking for are the uses of technologies, newer technologies, or even older technologies and new ways, emerging as you would to find emerging for your situation that are focused on engaging learners in some particular way it could be students
in school, but it also could be trainees, like in a workspace, or things like that.
I don't wanna make it just school focused.
That's what majority of us are probably thinking about.
But engagement right? You know there are a lot of things we did with content that we're engaging ways of interacting with content.
But the I wouldn't wanna focus on that that we've kind of.
We kind of done. And some people we're talking about accessing content in a very engaging industry in ways, even though engagement wasn't the focus of that.
Right.
Okay.
So in some ways it's kinda like how we make the case for engagement.
Within what we're saying, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Alright. Yeah, exactly. Certainly.
Okay, meaning it could be, it doesn't necessarily have to be games or VR or, okay.
No, doesn't that have to necessarily be games?
Gotcha great.
No, no, but I bet a bunch of people will pick something like one of these areas.
Hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, your find some interest in it.
There's so many resources to us. If you look at the additional resources that are posted for this week, there's some really cool stuff to play with in as one of the sites in particular, forget exactly.
I think it might be the third. I don't know if there's 3 there, it's probably the third one.
I had to fix a link to make it work again, but and so so hopefully, that'll be interesting to you.
The any other comments on the discussion.
Alright. Well, let me jump over, then let's take a quick look.
Let me. Let's take a look at the kind of the plan for this week.
I hope you found that to be way too much to expect you to read.
Did you find it to be way too much? I hope it's like a 100 pages right?
But I you know as as I got the book from I know Kurt Square, and so I got the book from the library, and I was just going through.
I said, well, can't just stop a chapter one. There's so much there, and so we'll have a chapter 2.
Oh, yeah. Then, look at chapter 20, yeah. Then look at chapter 3.
It's talking about how to use this with students in the class, how to kind of arrange this.
Yeah. And then there was some really other cool things I wanted to bring in later.
So I probably brought in a little more than a book than I should have, but the intention is not for you to read all of that.
The intention is for you to kind of scan it hopefully.
Reading the first chapter, at least kind of all the way through, and then looking.
Starting to scan for things that were most interesting to you.
That's and that's typically the way it I've been doing this, even though I mean, that's specifically say that that is generally my intention.
And the way the class is kind of designed. You pick this up if if you're not able to do all the readings, it, it doesn't really stop you from participating effectively in the class, although if you do more of the reads, you can bring in more of the ideas from the
readings into your discussion posts and our discussions in class and things like that.
So, but I also know that that's a Pdf you can download and you can go back and refer to that later.
When you have more time to look through it, and something that seems to be more interesting for you, or specifically interesting for you.
So anyway, that's that's that is what it is.
Okay. So there was a reading. And there was a video. We could talk more about that a little bit later before we get into any of that, I think what we wanna do, what I'd like to do is is engage you in playing a game.
Alright, so to do this, we're going to use a game that was created and created by people actually in the instrumental design and technology field.
And so Indiana University, where I got my Phd.
Had built this game a long time ago. It started actually as a board game, and the idea was to help students, students who are learning about.
Generally speaking, the world of human performance, technology wanted to work in organizations or work, as you know, teachers or technology specialists and part of the job has always been to help implementation move through an organization, how people change their minds about adopting things deciding to do things
differently, because oftentimes what we're in the business of doing in this world, at least as an instructional designer is helping create change.
You become an 8 a change in an agent, a change agent, and every teacher is a change agent as well off with their own students, but also some, you know, teachers also start acting more as change agents in their school.
In their organization, even in their district, right? Because they see we could do this better.
Or here's a really wonderful way of doing this. How do I help people understand how to do this better?
Or the instit institution may do this and say, Okay, we want, we're all gonna change over to this new kind of curriculum password.
A different way of teaching this to these grade levels.
But they often don't do that very well, as far as helping people adopt the change in more of a natural pattern and so this game is to help you kinda understand.
So of those principles and it works best. If you know a little bit about diffusion of innovations, theory.
And so there's the summary guide. That's the Pdf.
That's linked here in the on the agenda page.
But it's also it's also linked actually from the game itself.
And this is a simple thing to scan. It's simply 7 pages long, and it talks about some of the principles that you will want to it's simply 7 pages long, and it talks about some of the principles that you will want to apply now because as you may have
read in squires reading that good games are built on us, you know, to reveal systems right?
And so there's there's a system.
There's a systemic approach to how to create change in an organization, especially a social organization, which means that people talk to each other, and they make decisions based on their interactions and relationships with other people.
And so that becomes a really important thing to take advantage of, or to kind of leverage all in a good way.
In our case to help people make some decisions, to do things differently.
And so what helps innovation spread right? Their relative advantage, their compatibility with what we're doing already.
And our values. How simple are they! How easy to use! Can I try it and go back if I don't like it?
Can I see results right away? Those are some principles, these 5 qualities of a change that help help make it more adoptable.
And then the talks about the importance of peer to peer conversations and peer networks, understanding who talks to?
Who and what's their relationship? What are the power relationships for?
You know that you would want to know about, so that you don't try to come in and convince someone who has absolutely no power in their network, it's been a lot of time and energy convincing that person to adopt it.
And no one listens to that person, for whatever reason, right?
So those are some other principles, so I hope you you can scan through this pretty quickly.
You can download. It's linked in a couple of places different.
You are probably familiar with this graph. You may have seen this before. You may have seen it.
One of my classes. I'm not sure, anyway.
So we're gonna try to implement, use some of these principles to play this game.
And so the game, the basically the way the game is going to work is, there's a link here.
It's a online game. Now, it's not a board game anymore.
And the online game works you're gonna work in it in a group of 2 or 3 people and at least one of you will have to create a login for this.
And you just need an email, an active email address and a password.
They will. They will never market anything to you if they have nothing.
To market to you. They just wanna make sure that you have a chance to actually come back into the game later and pick up on an old game. If you don't have a chance to finish it any apps. And you do, you can all you can all sign up for this if you want to but at least one of your will work
for you will do this. And the idea is you're making decisions as as a small team here, right?
And your the challenge is to bring an adoption of a new curriculum.
I think it's a new math curriculum into a school, and you know some of you may actually work in in situations where this is part of what you need to be able to do as a job.
If you haven't registered yet, you can register you just give them an email address and a password.
And it verifies your email. And then you just you validate your email.
And then you're ready to go when you when you do get into that, I'll show you how it's starts and what it looks like right here.
I do have an account I have to refresh it. I think they I think they kind of roll out all the old passwords after every couple of weeks, so that an old password doesn't stick around, and that's probably a good security thing for them, others you don't putting data in
here but it's probably good practice. Oh, no, maybe have to change this.
Let's try again. Might have had my own password in there.
That's too long.
So they're not really grabbing any data other than your.
You're on. You know your email and your what? I guess they keep your password so you can log in.
You can come back. I'm gonna start a new game.
So you see what it looks like when you hit enter, and then do I want it?
Yeah, I do. Thank you for we're checking. And so this is the game board.
All right, and what what I'd like you to do while you're playing the game is to be taking some notes about what you're noticing.
In our breakout notes, Page. And so if you go to the breakout notes, page, I'm gonna step up.
Aside from this for us in session 8. There's 2 things I'd like you to take some notes on and we're just gonna do this as a group.
So it's not each individual group. I want you to under. Take a look at in this area.
Talk about what you found to be successful in playing this game.
Basically, how does the game play work? Well, what did you have to do to make some success?
And there's going to be a there's going to be a path of success that that you will all find some more than others so that's one thing about the game play.
And then the second part is, well, okay, what about the game?
Yeah, what do you see in the game design the way it's played?
Maybe some of the rules, maybe the systems that it's showing you those kinds of things, the possibility is that engages is not engaging anyways, but basically tying it back to the principles that you found in scanning at least the first chapter of the Squire read okay, and if you wanna if you're
gonna add notes to this, and if you're not ready for a notes on this one, that might be something to do after class for those of you who are watching the recording, I won't expect you to play the game as well, and to add your own notes to this page Alright and so we should when when
you add a chunk of notes, put a label on it, so I know who's doing it, so I can give people attribution for that.
Alright. So back to the game. So here's basically, here's the challenge is is, where do we find?
We? Let's see, how about we should look at the game rules the game rules is the first screen that I would want to look at.
And here's the objective you're gonna be a change agent right?
Lot of instructional designers end up in this kind of a role we're gonna persuade as many of the staff members as possible adopt a particular innovation.
Oh, pure tutoring. And so we're gonna bring in a peer tutoring emphasis in the next oh, I don't know. Let's say the next year. So this is going to be the thing we're trying to do and how do we do it.
Better. And so we're let's say, here's your role.
So it gives you a role. You're a reading specialist, and you've assigned to conduct a federally funded project at some high school.
These people were all in Bloomington, Indiana, when they wrote this, and so they probably have a school in mind so it's gonna look like, you know, kinda like your resources.
You have time. Okay, you get 2 years to achieve this. And so you basically get 72 weeks because the schools don't work for the whole year.
And so there's above 36 working weeks in a school year.
So every what you're going to do is you're going to be asked to make some decisions about approaches.
You want to take. I I wanna talk to this person.
I want to provide a presentation to this group. I want to, you know. Go, you know.
Do see if I can get a reference for someone. I said, right, but all these things are gonna take you as soon as I get a reference for someone I said right. But all these things are gonna take you a certain amount of time.
Some take very short amount of time like one week. Some might take 3 or 4 okay, and the game ends when you've used up all your time, or you've achieved a 100% adoption across the school.
Everybody wants to do peer tutoring. So this is a couple of things you can do about you about getting a dapters.
So you probably need some information about the people before you start figuring out well, who do I talk to first?
How do I talk to a particular one? Is this pretty someone who's going to be a you know?
Maybe a early adopter, and could be part of an initial piloting team.
Or is this person likely to be someone who's not interested until they have to do it?
You know more on the language side of its scale, and so gather information that's a a good starting point.
Talk to people. All right, then you have different activities, and there's 13 different ones.
We can take a look at that on the board, and then you end up with you.
Get influenced points and you get adoption. Influence points are how much influence you have with a particular player or role.
And when you get to, when you some require more influence, points to do an adoption, some take very little, and there are some actions that actually get you a whole block of people, you know, based on their word.
So you can read about the, of course, read through that the rules, and then we're going to pay, play the game, and then you have the game log, which I believe is what you what you try to do to do.
So this is like the record keeping so you don't have to remember who you talked to, or what activity you did and what the feedback was.
It'll keep a record of that for you so to play the game.
The one of the things that I, you know, is important to do, I think, is to find out.
Get some information, and so what you would do then is that you?
Let's see. Alright! How do I remember?
How do I do this? So I want to get some. I want some information.
And so I clicked on the personal information list. And now who do I want information and I can gather 5 at least 5 people I don't know who to go for, but maybe it's important to get some information about.
Oh! The principal! The secretary, and maybe some of that.
Maybe the chair. Sometimes those are important. People, sometimes they're not.
There are probably some other teachers that would be real important sometimes, the, you know, like the library could be really important, too.
So that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get I'm gonna get information for them.
I'm getting information and then it gets some results.
So now, what's happening over on the left here is that I'm getting more information about these people.
So now I can start to say, Okay, now, I can do some other things.
I've already got some information, so now I can look for. Well, who who do they?
Who do they share lunch with? Who do they serve on committees left with?
Who do they have some sort of social interaction with it that somehow I would know about.
Or do I wanna talk to them? Do I ask them for help?
Want a pilot with them already, might wanna wait a little bit for that.
You could do all these other kinds of things, you know.
Do local mass media output, etc., and you pick something else to do.
So let's say, for example. Well, how? What if I start by talking to somebody now who do I want to talk to now?
I can only pick them. One person to talk to a once.
So hmm! Maybe peer tutoring. What's a good area for peer tutoring?
Especially someone who might know a little bit about already. Well, I'm I'm gonna go with.
I'm gonna go with the math chair and see what happens so I'm going to down a submit and let's see what happens.
There. So now, what I get from that is, I get this person, apparently oh, they don't like the fads, and they think it's maybe a and but it gives me some information.
If a principle or a math teacher or science teacher, or a language, arts, chairman is in the trial.
Phaser has adopted. Then I could add, I don't get 2 more points because they weren't in the trial phase yet, so I was just looking for Aness.
And so what? That? So what shows up here for the math chairperson?
Is that I can continue and then it will update the scorecard.
Now I can see this little red mark here. That's an influence piece. And so I have.
I have a bunch more to get with this person before I get them into the adoption phase.
The only people who have to adopt are the ones who are.
I think they're the well. There's teachers in Gangs cultures. For some reason the secretary doesn't have to adopt.
The janitor doesn't have to adopt, probably because they don't work directly with students.
Okay? And then you just kind of continue to go through here and use what use what you know about or what you've learned about, or maybe your personal experience with, how do we help people make decisions to adopt things in an organization like a school and see how that works out?
You can always, if you get really frustrated with this, you can always just say, start a new game, and you can back out, and you can log in and start a new game.
It'll give you that option, or someone else can be playing a game.
You could also be playing this in parallel if you want it to.
If you're in a group of 2 or 3, both of you could be running the game.
But I want you to be talking together about this and sharing your strategies.
So if you can also share your screen in your breakout.
Okay, what questions do you have?
So it sounds like we can choose. Once we run our breakouts.
Either we both do individual or one shares a screen event.
Yeah, you decide how you want it, how you wanna manage your your own group, play on that.
Okay.
You don't have to be stuck on one screen, or you could even start with one screen.
And then, and then you could also then branch off if you wanted to still talk about what's going on or I'm gonna try this.
What had happened, and she can share screens and show that if you want to that, you know, you can decide how that would work best for you.
Other questions.
I can tell. You're just excited to get started with this.
So let's see if I can get to breakouts.
Or my breakouts.
Breakout rooms. Great! Alright! I think we have what 8 people 8 people so I'm gonna do 3 breakouts.
And I know if you have, if you have to leave, step away for a moment.
If you're in a group of 3 and you know you need a break, or whatever.
Take a break if you're in a group or 2 you can still take a break.
But you know, figure it out. How does we play this for a while?
It's gonna take a little bit. I'll check back in.
I'll start checking in, and about 15 min or so once you've had a chance to kind of talk through how you want to approach this, and it's maybe by then you've got a couple of moves done and then I'll just be kind of going around from room to
room we're not gonna record while we're doing this, but we will do some recording afterwards, and so don't delete your game when we do our debrief.
We wanna see some of the things that you're gonna be talking through, and we'll do it we'll do a more substantial debrief to cause in that deep brief, we can also talk about.
You know the elements of game games to help people learn that we saw we're done.
Well, maybe that weren't done so well. Questions, no more questions.
All right. Let's get started. I'm gonna open up all all the rooms, and I might have.
I'm gonna move, let's see you. You're taking a break right in a moment.
Are you gone already?
I can stay for some time and take the break later, after maybe 10 min.
Okay. So what I'm gonna do is as you're in room 3 right now, I'm just gonna I'm I'm gonna move some people around.
So I'm gonna put you in your rooms and I'm gonna move a couple of people around.
Okay, so hang on.
Thank you.
I guess I'm just moving one person around.
Linda, I'm gonna pick on you.
Moving to move from 3.
Okay, we are back. If you yeah, I don't know if you were able to take a break if you needed one.
If you need to, you could, you know, do so in anytime.
My intention is not to keep you here for 2 h a without you getting a body of your seat.
That's not good for anybody. Let's take a look.
What I'd like you to do as you when your group has a chance to talk is to show your screen, show your game board, and talk about some of the things that what you talk about, how you how you did, what you did, what were some of the challenges, what were some of the things you learned, about
6, and if you have anything else to add, that'd be great.
We have some time to spend on this, so do we have a volunteer group to go first.
Group 3 can go first.
Okay. Group 3, you are up. We're recording again.
By the way, welcome to those of you watching our recording.
Yes, so do you want me to share the screen? You said, or?
Yeah, we can do that. We didn't really get a chance to screenshot anything and list our thought process on the share notes.
Yeah, you you well, the other thing is, you guys could be filling out notes if you want to while we're doing the debrief as well.
We all have access to that. So.
So. Did you want me to talk first, and then you you can kind of fill in whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. However, you wanna go about it.
Okay, yeah. So we it took for us. It took a couple of minutes for us to kind of understand the way setting.
So that's why we went kinda went back and forth, back and forth in terms of who's doing what?
So. And once we finally start to catch up on and learn know what it the entire thing meant to be.
That's when things started flow. So we first chose.
I think the first 5 people that we chose were first, we were just like, Oh, yeah, let's go with the decision makers, or like, you know what it seems like.
The. So we want for principles. I think first we want with the math chairman, and then one of the social studies teacher and signs teacher and then library person.
I I believe so. And then we were kind of looking at it without really looking at the chart on the side, on, like the info.
On this interest in trial. First, we also kind of didn't really realize what that meant.
Oh! Is it not sharing?
Everything. You're sharing. The lunch meets.
Oh, it's fine, too, but I guess everybody's looking at the same screen, so we don't have to keep looking at.
Yeah.
Yeah, I thought that might help you. Just kind of talked about what our thought process was.
Right, right, right.
With that we chose be I go back to it.
Yeah, no, that's okay. That's okay.
Okay.
Alright!
Because we're already looking at a screen. So that's the first people were kind of random, without really any thought behind it.
And once we start realizing what the interest column meant, what the like awareness call meant, we are.
We with a second batch of personal to get more information, we were a little bit more careful, and then we would got to the lunch based out. The screen is showing is show.
Who's close to what or not as close to who's hanging out with, who?
Right.
So that this information helped a lot for us to figure out who we can talk to.
Like in the diffusion activities and then ask for help.
So for me personally, I first I was like, let's go with the big guys, which is seems like group ones like there's 2 chairman's in there.
There's principle in that group. But at the same time later, realize, okay, not everybody's easy to convince.
And they're not really all willing to open their ears to whatever we're trying to do.
So ever it kind of stepped in, and so we chose for a couple of people from different groups as well.
That group 2 was, if okay, they're not too hard to easy.
Group theory was like easy to group, to convince, and then group 4 was another pretty okay group.
So we decided to, you know, talk to like a couple people.
I could not couple people like at first, I think, ever I forgot what order we went, but I think we select the people from Group one first or no.
We try to do somebody who's come work easy to convince.
So there's a time that we're just oh, yeah, let's just go after people who are easy to convince.
But when we actually started to pay attention to the information of people, we're like, okay, just because they're easy to convince the Zoom Meeting, they're gonna be a lot of help to our whole decision-making process.
For example, like Group, the staff, the science structure is very easy to convince, but, like his distinform is that he's a little erratic.
So with that characteristic, it may not be a good mix or not so much health from you know when he's together with other people, so that might cause some trouble.
So he could definitely, really help. But, like, you know, we didn't wanna rely on that just easy to convince factor of it.
For Group of the Member H. Size teacher. That person was okay, like he has, like a 5 points on, like a convincing love.
But if you read that this information on that this person is seems like it's logic-driven, has a lot of respect from the teachers, and so once we convince this person, then we will be able to get a lot of help from it.
So once we start understanding that factor, we will be able to.
We were able to kinda like plot a little better in terms of what next our next movement movement was, gonna be.
So we were about to try the presentation factor in to see how is gonna go.
But of fortunate. We ran at a time. We didn't get to do that ever.
Did you want to add anything? How our thought process went?
Yeah, I think the the presentation we had to do something first.
I think that was going a little too far into it, but at that point we're we ran out of time.
So curious. If you guys got any further to see how that went or.
Yeah, they're they're gonna show you what they got.
We're gonna go from your group to the first group and then to the second group.
Do you know where the the log is?
Can you click on the log, tab? It's on the top.
Yeah. The game log. This kit. I don't know if anyone use this, but this shows you everything you did.
Oh!
If you wanted to keep track of who you it did. I didn't show you that.
Okay, that's could have been, that's okay.
Yeah, that's okay.
Well, I did show you that, but it was mine wasn't populated with anything because I did hadn't done any moves yet, so it could be really helpful right so if you're that change agent, you probably have a notebook a digital or physical notebook, where
you're writing everything down, anyway.
I mean, it's very fun like I when you were when you popped into our room.
I kind of sort of complained I was like. This is like picking politics.
Exactly.
Who are we gonna be bu buddy, buddy, with but I guess that's that's reality, right?
So it was very fun. At the end we started having fun with it.
Right, right.
Yeah, you're trying to influence people. Right? You're trying to help them decide to do something that they are not doing now.
Then they may not even know about it. Right? So you start with awareness, and and then you know various pieces of that.
Right.
It's very real. I mean, the specifics are obviously made up.
But there are real experiences behind much of this.
Okay, yeah, I think that's pretty much it, unless.
Okay, okay, well, let's let's go what do you have with anything else to add about what you did?
So you ended up with what 2 adopters and a bunch of you've made some influence with some other people, and and you went through.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
What did you go through a whole academic year, or just?
What do you mean by a whole academic?
Well you had. So there were 2. There were 2 academic years.
Oh, yeah.
Each one had 36 weeks. Go back to your main screen and up to the top.
Okay.
I just want to see how far you went, because the pace you go through here will obviously matter to.
Yeah, not too far through the first year.
That's impressive.
Yeah.
Oh, thank you. We were. Yeah. We took some time to figure out what we're supposed to do.
So that's why we're ended there. So.
Yeah, so you just a little over half a year.
Just talking to.
Pretty efficient, I think, if you continue this, probably you probably would have been very successful and completed well within your timeframe of 2 years.
Oh, really. Okay, cool. Thank you. Alright.
Hey? We probably would renew your grant for another year of implementation.
Alright. Thank you.
Okay, let's go to. Let's go on to group one group, one can.
Can you? This is Adam and Adrian and Dalton.
Can you share your work?
Yes, alright! Here we are!
So we we made it through. We are, you know, in the fall, our second year we have one adopter, the science chairman, which I believe Everett and Linda.
You also had as a adopter, I think one key was, when did Dr. B.
You pointed out that these bars are significant in getting someone to adopt.
Dalton, or Adrian Jeff. Anything else add, I'm have other things.
I wanna say that I'm trying. I think, as I was the one sharing my screen, trying to think about what our process was, and you all could help with that.
Yeah.
Thanks, jumping a little bit, because I mean I was so impressed by the first group because we're like in year 2.
Our strategy was more of like getting Intel on everybody in the school which cost us a lot of weeks.
But we thought that we could be strategic and approaching people.
But I definitely think going through this process, we're learning about the diffusion theory.
And we end up pulling up the reading about. You know the characteristics of an early adopter and the late adopters to help us later on in the game.
I think that was, yeah, I I was really we were you when you made that point, Adrian.
Later later on. That was helpful, because I think, as I must say, maybe kind of went into this just a gamer was like, oh, we're just playing a game.
It didn't quite think about it in the context of learning.
And once I did it was like, Oh, we're trying to be.
We're trying to apply what we're learning to.
This game and that helped me think about this in a different way.
Yeah. And then the thing I struggle with.
Yeah, it's, it's.
Oh!
Go ahead!
I think I struggle with this as a teacher, you know I sort of.
I relate to a lot of things we're set in within the gain.
Lots of comments here, and I assume certain things would have some kind of effect, and the game just didn't really follow up.
So I was a bit confused about what actions were triggering, what things like the the relationship diagrams we were making, assumptions that like, Oh, we're, gonna you know, have this whole group who are friends who sit together and lunch traveled together, maybe that's gonna have a bigger impact and it
didn't seem to have any impact on game. So we were making a bunch of assumptions about what we just didn't know which inputs LED to, what outputs.
Yeah. That's certainly one of the challenges.
The other thing is that sometimes the things you might think have an impact.
May, the game may be programmed so that other things have to be in place before the impact can be there, especially if it's a logical impact.
Well, yeah, it makes sense that this would happen. Why didn't this happen?
Well, maybe so. Maybe the way the game is coded essentially the model.
The game is following, says, these are the they have to be at a certain level or other kinds of things before you can have the impact that you think you're gonna have.
I don't know exactly what it is, but that is part of using games right?
Games are all built on models, and those models have assumptions in them, and sometimes those assumptions.
You may not be aware of them, and they they may not be accurate all the time, either.
Right.
My network seems to be having some trouble. So I put my video off alright.
So you guys, what was your score was one adopter.
Hum, and you went through over a year right? See?
Yeah, just over a year. Okay? And you are learning along the way.
Okay.
Clearly, there's a difference between the game that's built around certain concepts that you're trying to help students learn or people learn as opposed to a game that's built as a game that you end up using to help people learn something important even though it's may not be the intention of
the game, this, this is. This is more of a educational game as opposed to a a game used in education.
I I guess there's a difference. There!
Right.
Alright. We'll talk more about that in a minute. How?
How about group 2. How did you guys do? Can can you share your work?
That is with our group. Right? Let me go ahead and share my screen.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alright. So we play through again. Let me know if you guys can see my screen.
It's it loaded. Yes.
Is it on? Everybody can see it alright, so we play pretty much throughout the 2 school years.
The 72 weeks. Basically, I just wanna point out that this gives a lot of reading.
It's not really, really relaxing kinda again at first place, when you try to learn this thing because there's a lot of rule and things you try to work.
But once you get it, it's pretty simple to understand.
Or strategies. And here to bring out their awareness, interests, and even up to trial and adoptions.
But I think like what everybody get has been, point out.
Basically, this is just like a plane with policies and knowing what people are doing, what and how people are related to each other.
So, for example, if you know a launch mates and also the committee diagrams and a social diagrams, you know, the janitor is not really handing out people, and I think also one of the the staff also here, as mentioned Africa who that individual was.
But you need to know who is body body with food and who is doing things with who and if using those to get to, you know, to increase their to make them know like a where, what you do and bring up the interest, I guess, within each department's like you know, once you get the
chairperson, or at least one of it. Yeah, once you get ahead, the chairperson is really easy to get a rest of the department and principle is kind of tricky, cause before you can talk to the principals, you need to get you need to get really close to the secretary.
And then you can bring out a principles, interest and principle doesn't really do much, but when you reach to, when your principal is all full, like, you know, get adoption from here, I think you can use the composion or the confrontation, those 2 last 2 moves
that's gonna cost you a lot of weeks. If you roll a dive if you use it, it's pretty.
It could be amazing, too bad. We issue to the end of a game.
We don't have. We only have. We only have like a one week left, so we couldn't really pull out of both to use the principle to make a big influence over the campus over.
A over the school, but I think one of our options was using the local medias to promote.
That one's really helpful and principal.
We like stuff. So yeah, overall, I think this is all I can share.
Danny, can you share the game? Log?
Sure I think I have this. Give me 1 s. We can walk.
That's impressive.
You got 13 adopters. That's amazing.
Oh, yeah, thanks. I appreciate it. So this is my game lock at a beginning.
We kind of wasting a lot of times just to know people and talk to people.
If I know people we try to talk to, you know, couldn't work, and then eventually realize you gotta get everybody's info first and then you can talk to them.
And once you start talking to them, or you know, try to ask for help.
Those starting, burning their awareness and interest of what you do, and you can do a lot of things from there.
So really, it's like Lena. It's a policy game.
Yeah.
Wait! Hold on! Let me get this right. So move.
Move 30 you're doing mass media like I don't.
I mean good on you to figure this out, but like I just, I can't get past this like that.
Yeah, it is, unrealistic. I'm not really looking at it realistically.
That seems to be so unrealistic. You know it.
I'm just playing this as a view. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. No. Well done.
Yeah.
This is also it's written for a context that's very different than any of the contexts around the Bay area.
I'd say that's just one of the things.
And so that's part of understanding. I mean, as part of the game is the context that it's created for.
Oh!
Yeah, and we're trying to do the confrontation bonnet a one week left so we couldn't use it any. They came to say, You're not yeah.
Huh! What what did you think that was? Gonna do?
I'm not sure.
I think that I remember it is being explained that we like when you have the option available.
It's gonna cost you like 5 to 6 weeks.
Yeah.
But basically, if you get a principle, your principle is fully, it's in the adoption.
And if you use computation or composure in one of them like you can roll it, die, and then to just, you know, massively increase everybody's interest in creating that. You know the red, the red sell but it's a risky move.
Basically. But it's like all for nothing.
Yeah, is that is that is that like a, yeah, is it like a a point where you just basically are telling people, we're going to do this, or you know?
Yup, it's just basically reinforce like, listen, we're doing this.
Now, if you get a policymakers, yeah.
Okay. And either it works or it doesn't.
Hmm, okay, yeah. Interesting okay, way, anything to add?
It's just take a long while for us to figure out how to.
Yeah.
How do you understand the game? And at the very beginning we all complained that this game wasn't is not fun is about reading but a little while we get into it, and especially Danny progress a lot.
And he feel very interested in this game.
Yeah, well, here's a question for you. Do. Games have to be fun to be effective.
For me. Yes, motivation. First.
So right. But these are these are games. So these are games.
I mean I guess I think part of it depends on how you define a game.
If the game is something I am choosing to do in choosing to stay engaged within the obviously the fun factor might be really important.
There, but you can have an add you can have. You can have an application like this, which is, which is a game.
Essentially it follows the typical rules of games and things like that.
Characteristics, of games, but it doesn't necessarily have to be fun to be effective in this situation. Why?
Because you're being tasked to play it, you know, it's like an assignment you're gonna do now whether you go off and you all have the link to it. Now.
So, and go off and play on your own time, and see if you can actually get to all those adopters and see what the what the success might be. But if you were, if this was part of your real job.
And this is what you needed to do. And you went through this you'd find some things that like, okay.
So the literature is saying that some of these things would be affected.
I go through it, and I don't do very well.
Maybe you give yourself a limit of an hour okay, I'll play for an hour, and you don't do as well.
But you've learned something so you can go back through again and play it again and see if you're improving your score. So you're learning as you go.
And so that's where it becomes really a learning tool when you have the opportunity, could go back and go through its multiple times, especially if you're goal.
Personally, is I wanna be able to solve the challenges that are presented in this.
You know, situation like this, because this is what I want to be able to.
We should, you know, tell you, if I at I spent a long time as an administrator here, it would have been really helpful to have something like this, not this game, but something like this for new administrators, especially in academic affairs, because none of us came from you know this kind of a you know
there's a lot of politics, a lot of influence that goes on in helping people make decisions.
And everybody's got projects. They want your support for, but no one is really trained in how to do this.
So you all have to. We all have to learn kind of by trial and error. You know the game of life.
So, okay, I think this is challenging. It's challenging for me.
I don't know was I? Whenever I do this I usually play off on the side.
I didn't this time, but I don't do much better than anyone else.
On this in part, because I'm just doing it on my own.
But yeah, there's some kind of key principles there.
So what's?
So for those of you who are able to put some notes in here.
Thank you for that. If you want to put some more notes in here, it would be helpful, I think, and I hope that our asynchronous learners, you guys, will also try to do the game.
You've seen in heard some of the things that we did see, what you do.
Put yourself, get yourself a clock for an hour and say, Okay, I'll play this game for a hour and see what I learned, and then you can add to this as well.
The last thing for you to do this week. Really? Then, is to be part of the game for an hour and see what I learned, and then you can add to this as well. The last thing for you to do this week really, then, is to be part of the I synchronous. Discussion and we've got you know we've got a
we'll pick it up with engaging students through coding and making.
One thing I want to also call your attention to is, I was able to make a arrangements for our digital media studio in the library at San Francisco State to host us or anyone who wants to be there Wednesday.
That's next week that next week, 2 weeks from tonight a little earlier, they're not usually open.
Our normal hours. And so they would like to have us there for 5 to 7 at the most.
So 5 to 6, 30 ish some of us will be there if you want to be part of this, let me know, and I'll make sure that I give.
I help you make, you know. Figure out what what information you need to get there, and what what we're going to specifically be doing, and how that's going to work out after this is our normal class with is the presentations for tech demo that's yeah, tech demo 2 and
we'll do those, because, many of you won't be part of this of the VR.
Piece, probably, so I don't know to keep that from you, so we'll do that.
Live if you are here on, Callus at the library, and you want to do a live presentation.
We do have a room in per call that we can use for that or we can just continue to do them all online either way, I'll be online, either in my office, in the classroom.
Perhaps even in the library. So that's on the Wednesday, April, April twelfth.
Okay, once it makes, I put that up. I did that instead of doing the game myself.
So it would be there for everyone. So let me know. I've heard from a few of you already.
Alright!
Any final questions or comments. Everyone knows what to do.
I had one question just about like when we're talking about games.
Is that different than like the the term gamification.
Are they related, but also distinct.
I don't think I think someone else can answer that.
But I'm I'll answer it if no one else can.
I'm sure someone else can. They're clearly related right?
But they're not the same thing.
Anyone, wanna take a stab at that? What's the difference between games or learning games? Even?
And gamification, or gamification. I'm not even sure how to pronounce it.
Really, I usually say gamification. But, Dalton, what do you think?
Yeah, I think, pull up my notes. But it's during Google drive.
Buried somewhere, but gamification would be something like for instance, let's say, onboarding to a company, and as you achieve some, you know, sort of badges that are important within the company like demonstrating their values right.
Yeah, like a little badge. Or let's say, you give feedback to appear, and you get badges for that right?
Or like, let's say you give a shout out to somebody, and then a little like mascot dances on their screen and their interface that those are like kind of examples of gamification as opposed to like game-based learning, which is kind of what we just did just now right so gamification would be like
adding elements of games into an experience, but is but the experience itself is not against.
Yeah, exactly. So it's not a game. Gamification is using elements from games like competition.
Alright or a leader with the idea of leader boards and competition kind of go together leveling up, having some having some choice over how I'm going through something where I'm choosing my own path, and some of that could be an element of a game that you'd bring
into that. You know those kinds of things. So that would be gamification, and if you do a quick search on gamification, you will find so much on that.
Okay. Yeah, that's what I thought. But it was helpful to get clarity.
Now that we've did something like this.
Okay. Alright. Well, thanks a lot. I look forward to seeing you online again in the forums and through the notes.
And all the other stuff that we do, and let me know if you're interested on April twelfth, and we'll get that together, and then I will see you back online next week.
So long!
Bye, bye.Good night.Bye.